README.md, before:

# Leetcode Solutions
[![wakatime](https://wakatime.com/badge/user/849bb989-6c1a-4bb4-a5f1-ba937583da5f/project/d0b05c78-06be-40bb-9bca-1e26b4ccd8db.svg)](https://wakatime.com/badge/user/849bb989-6c1a-4bb4-a5f1-ba937583da5f/project/d0b05c78-06be-40bb-9bca-1e26b4ccd8db)

[Notion Database - all of my notes on the problems](https://enkr.notion.site/db6bbb891f264f37a64c99799ca2057d?v=0b3cf643151b4ec1b29a01eecce8bbb4)

> I prefer to initially code using Google Docs as my primary platform, unless it's a new topic that necessitates debugging in a terminal or if I encounter challenges that prevent me from completing the task within the allotted time. (30m)

---

# Problems:
- [1. Two Sum](./1/)
- [2. Add Two Numbers](./2/)
- [3. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](./3/)
- [4. Median of Two Sorted Arrays](./4/)
- [5. Longest Palindromic Substring](./5/)
- [7. Generate Parentheses](./7/)
- [11. Container With Most Water](./11/)
- [15. 3Sum](./15/)
- [21. Merge Two Sorted Lists](./21/)
- [22. Generate Parentheses](./22/)
- [23. Merge k Sorted Lists](./23/)
- [33. Search in Rotated Sorted Array](./33/)
- [53. Maximum Subarray](./53/)
- [121. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](./121/)
- [152. Maximum Product Subarray](./152/)
- [153. Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array](./153/)
- [190. Reverse Bits](./190/)
- [191. Number of 1 Bits](./191/)
- [198. House Robber](./198/)
- [200. Number of Islands](./200/)
- [213. House Robber II](./213/)
- [217. Contains Duplicate](./217/)
- [238. Product of Array Except Self](./238/)
- [268. Missing Number](./268/)
- [371. Sum of Two Integers](./371/)
- [338. Counting Bits](./338/)
- [394. Decode String](./394/)

---

> solution.js - The solution I submitted

> my_solution.js - My attemp with logs and comments

> o_solution.js - Online/others' solutions

---
## Commands for myself

Run for JS
```sh
node ./.../solution.js
```

---

Run for Elixir
```sh
iex ./.../solution.ex
```

---

Quick create in bash
```ssh
chapter=21 && mkdir ./$chapter && touch ./$chapter/my_solution.js && touch ./$chapter/solution.js && alias x="node ./$chapter/my_solution.js"
```

<!--
TODO: Add to TOC!
-->

Commit message:

:sparkles: [206] Reverse Linked List
Runtime 60 ms Beats 77.47% Memory 43.7 MB Beats 95.22%

README.md, after:

# Leetcode Solutions
[![wakatime](https://wakatime.com/badge/user/849bb989-6c1a-4bb4-a5f1-ba937583da5f/project/d0b05c78-06be-40bb-9bca-1e26b4ccd8db.svg)](https://wakatime.com/badge/user/849bb989-6c1a-4bb4-a5f1-ba937583da5f/project/d0b05c78-06be-40bb-9bca-1e26b4ccd8db)

[Notion Database - all of my notes on the problems](https://enkr.notion.site/db6bbb891f264f37a64c99799ca2057d?v=0b3cf643151b4ec1b29a01eecce8bbb4)

> I prefer to initially code using Google Docs as my primary platform, unless it's a new topic that necessitates debugging in a terminal or if I encounter challenges that prevent me from completing the task within the allotted time. (30m)

---

# Problems:
- [1. Two Sum](./1/)
- [2. Add Two Numbers](./2/)
- [3. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](./3/)
- [4. Median of Two Sorted Arrays](./4/)
- [5. Longest Palindromic Substring](./5/)
- [7. Generate Parentheses](./7/)
- [11. Container With Most Water](./11/)
- [15. 3Sum](./15/)
- [21. Merge Two Sorted Lists](./21/)
- [22. Generate Parentheses](./22/)
- [23. Merge k Sorted Lists](./23/)
- [33. Search in Rotated Sorted Array](./33/)
- [53. Maximum Subarray](./53/)
- [121. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](./121/)
- [152. Maximum Product Subarray](./152/)
- [153. Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array](./153/)
- [190. Reverse Bits](./190/)
- [191. Number of 1 Bits](./191/)
- [198. House Robber](./198/)
- [200. Number of Islands](./200/)
- [206. Reverse Linked List](./206/)
- [213. House Robber II](./213/)
- [217. Contains Duplicate](./217/)
- [238. Product of Array Except Self](./238/)
- [268. Missing Number](./268/)
- [371. Sum of Two Integers](./371/)
- [338. Counting Bits](./338/)
- [394. Decode String](./394/)

---

> solution.js - The solution I submitted

> my_solution.js - My attemp with logs and comments

> o_solution.js - Online/others' solutions

---
## Commands for myself

Run for JS
```sh
node ./.../solution.js
```

---

Run for Elixir
```sh
iex ./.../solution.ex
```

---

Batch create in bash
```ssh
chapter=206 && mkdir ./$chapter && touch ./$chapter/my_solution.js && touch ./$chapter/solution.js && alias x="node ./$chapter/my_solution.js"
```
> And now you can use `x` for quick debug.

<!--
TODO: Add to TOC!
-->
